this man poured a lot of expensive
bottles of wine into the pool
he indifferently enjoys the feeling of
soaking in alcohol
the toilet was broken he didn't repair
it but instead pooped down right into
the pool
he drinks wine that cost several million
dollars instead of drinking water
the things he does all day are just
eating and sleeping he is literally
living in heaven
the world was attacked by a deadly virus
phil miller was probably the only man in
the world to survive
he drove all over america to find
survivors but he still could not found
any living human
phil left others his information behind
and drove away
because there were no laws or rules
anymore phil can do whatever he wanted
to do
he moved to a luxury mansion decorate
the house with a pile of expensive
drawings
he could take a walk while butt naked he
doesn't need to give a crap about anyone
he went to a supermarket used a gun to
break the glass door
and calmly stepped inside he happily did
his things
broke stuff in the store he could take
whatever he wants everything is free
anyway
phil devised all kinds of games just to
kill his time
he played bowling with lamps and fish
tanks he even tried to push the car
downhill
it crashed into another and exploded but
playing alone forever was also kind of
boring
when he saw pictures of an old woman in
a magazine he began to miss women
even the mannequin was disassembled by
him he painted a human face on the ball
monologue with it about his sexual needs
he even prayed to god to give himself a
woman
but when the house became a landfill the
swimming pool turned into a septic tank
there was still no sign of any woman
phil collapsed
he wanted to commit suicide he was about
to drive into a rock but then suddenly
he stopped because he saw
smoke from afar that proved that someone
else was still alive
some hope rekindled inside of him phil
immediately drove toward the smoke
there he saw women's underwear hanging
out to dry the scent of it made phil
extremely excited his eyes were wide
open and then
he suddenly fainted when he woke up phil
saw a beautiful girl in front of his
eyes
after chatting for a while they finally
make love but when he woke up again
he discovered that before his eyes was
not a beautiful woman but a middle-aged
lady
it turned out that the scene was just
his imagination
this woman saw the message phil left she
was here to look for him
her name was carol phil took carol home
she told him that humanity was about to
go extinct and that it was their
responsibility to keep maintaining their
breed
although there were no more laws this
woman was still very disciplined
while changing lanes she must turn on
their turn signals while crossing the
street they must see traffic lights
cars must be parked in the parking lot
phil disagreed
he crashed straight into the mall's
entrance the world has changed
he said they could do whatever they want
but carol disagreed they argued
and then separated phil was upset the
woman he wished her appeared
but he could not accept her temperament
the next morning
phil saw carroll moved in next to his
house he stopped her
because he was not ready to get along
with her but carol told phil
their relationship has improved since
then carol invited phil over to her
house for dinner
under the candlelight they let go of
their hatred for the sake of humanity's
future
they decided to work hard together carol
wanted to get married first before they
have sex
phil reluctantly agreed carol happily
prepared for the wedding
and phil just needed to prepare the
wedding ring carol went to the
supermarket to grab things
she wanted to organize a romantic
wedding phil was not interested
he was just still doing his stupid
things deep inside
he knew that he didn't want to marry
carol on the wedding day
the bride carol happily entered the
church but the groom phil did not want
to give her the ring
carol left disappointed for two days
without news about her
phil worriedly went to carol's house to
find her there he saw the wedding room
that carole has prepared
he realized how much she cared for the
wedding to apologize
phil drove carol to the jewelry store he
smashed the glass case with his hammer
and put on her hand the most beautiful
ring
carol was extremely happy
after getting married carol adapted
phil's lifestyle
together they played his crazy stupid
things after a period of living together
phil gradually accepted carol one day
while they were hanging out on the
streets
they crashed into another
phil quickly got off the car to check it
out a very beautiful
woman stepped out she also followed the
information he left to find him
phil looked at the girl without blinking
she was the right girl that he wanted
compared to her carol was completely
inferior
phil regretted marrying her these are
the first three episodes of the series
the last man
on earth if you want to know if phil can
have the beautiful girl or not
please check out the series this is the
end of the video
thank you for watching